---
layout:     post
category:   blog

title:      Why Jekyll & Github
headline:   Why Jekyll
date:       2015-11-15 20:08:05

comments:   false
---

Hi, I was bored and my boredom saw the light of this.

I also felt like I needed an online site where I could host my works and projects.

I considered using Wordpress. After all, I am working in Marketing where Wordpress is the industry standards and touted CMS, championed by veteran marketers. Squarespace was another alternative. Its drag and drop and interface and lack of customizability made me sad. With Squarespace, you can't go down to the nitty gritty and even in Developer Mode, its FTP server files was sad - pretty much only a few paltry files you could touch. In a nutshell, I didn't really like both of the workflow  of Wordpress and Squarespace CMS.

And Github is free. (Bonus points considering that I didn't have to deal with web host pricing and services setup) So I spent the weekend reading on how-tos, trying out Jekyll, working on it locally and than pushing it to Github. And viola, here's my baby. It's still a work in progress. I haven't uploaded all my projects and I am trying to learn how to tag the posts and pages through Jekyll or plugins. I want to use tags on the projects to filter them by skills. But I guess this is a start. :)

Edit 11/16: So after doing this, I realized Github Pages no longer support custom Jekyll plugins, which explains why the liquid tag kept failing. But its okay. I still like how I can work centrally from my Atom editor and drag all the images and content from its sidebar.
